Add MacOS stuff (#1)
tim-clifford/git-tutorial: README.md

> See [the official download page](https://git-scm.com/download). The default
> options are fine. For these instructions to apply, launch Git Bash.
> 
> A better solution is to install Windows Linux Subsystem (WSL), which is a full
> Linux kernel in a virtual machine. (If you think this is too much, just use Git Bash) 
> 
> You may also be interested in downloading the _Windows Terminal_ from Microsoft Store.
> 

Reviewer: Slight reword so it doesn't sound like these instructions don't apply to WSL
```suggestion
The simplest solution is to use Git Bash, which you can get from [the official
download page](https://git-scm.com/download). The default options are fine.

A more extendible solution is to install Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL),
which is a full Linux kernel in a virtual machine. (If you think this is too
much, just use Git Bash) 

You may also be interested in downloading the _Windows Terminal_ from the
Microsoft Store.
```

**MacOS**

> The must-have package manager on MacOS is [Homebrew](https://brew.sh), which you can install by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The must-have package manager on MacOS is [Homebrew](https://brew.sh), which
you can install by
```
79 chars please :)

```sh
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
``` 

Then you can install packages through

```sh
brew install <package>  # suggestions: git (of course), python, wget...
```

> If you encounter a permission error, be cautious when you copy and paste
> solutions from StackOverflow. Ask @WeixuanZ to make sure you don't mistakenly

> > give root privileges to all files in `/usr/local/`.

Reviewer: lol have you done this

**BEWARE: files deleted on a terminal will not go to the recycle bin**

N.B. Launching Git Bash from Windows puts you in "C:\\Users\\username" (written

> as `~`) when you start it. Launching a linux or MacOS terminal usually puts you in
> "/home/username" (also written as `~`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `~`) when you start it. Launching a linux or MacOS terminal usually puts you
in "/home/username" (also written as `~`).
```
